# RED TEAM VILLAGE - AN OFFICIAL DEF CON VILLAGE
This is the code (source) for the [Red Team Offense Village](https://redteamvillage.io) DEF CON official village.

The Red Team Village (RTV) was created to bridge the gap between penetration testers and offensive security team functions. While DEF CON is considered a hacking conference somewhat of an offensive conference, there are a great more challenges and villages devoted to defense. The Red Team Offense Village is focused at training the art of critical strategy, collaboration and thinking. Where seventy five percent of the work should be done prior to any engagement. We say not every nail requires a hammer and not everything that looks like a nail is.

The Red Team Village (RTV) promotes deep, critical thinking and dissemination of these skills, attributes and practices. You may have noticed certain pentesters are interested in pointing tools at targets and pushing a button. The RTOV works with those interested in learning the way of the ninja. We spend a majority of our time teaching the critical thinking that starts with target acquisition, offline research, discovery and more research. We work with attendees to build skills and the ability to be Stealthy and Patient. The transfer of knowledge in this field comes from observations learned through experience  Doing as one must. RTOV provides the training and the environment where attendees can engage in multiple Red Team skill building exercises, challenges, competitions and self-assessments. Attendees can spend all three days starting at the 101 track and ending at the CTF competition to put their newly obtain skills to the test.

The Red Team team welcomes participation from organizations, teams and individuals of any and all stature and industries. If you have a concept or idea, or would like a custom sponsorship that makes use of your unique capabilities and abilities, feel free to contact us and we will work with you.
